I find it interesting he goes himself I think it's good that he's looking at us as
Parents have their children
So I'm fit again
that will be the Tablet PC that actually says it all works
the eldersrat legally no longer work properly I think we are good
very quickly a disaster
So maybe it's the poem the Beats makes the fundraiser of that
when we finally come new after the heavy storms quite simple
not fit
and I see that differently
that is not self-evident can not change
slightly relaxed in the hand
to learn from employees that is an implementation that made 90 Rome
such topics as PCs for schools in the room cares
myself as well as fun to see percent like those around students and
Percent empty but also just here with just tackled so that
Icing is the fact that percent among all these PCs somewhere
hides the thousandth
Percent of that has been donated to school and so that really fits
and it was a win-win situation you can say so nicely neo-German and me
Honestly, the percent still many other companies honestly hope for this example
Follow and often become wise schools
r allowed into the funds
So rather the kids do not criticize the internet they donated them
on
the land has to go and can be tapped to the one
Düren
the debt then on the power school completely seen what deals
are available and can then decide what they need of it
could and therefore the power school completely contact
This creates a kind
Sal Marketplace with supply and demand only that this costs nothing and also the
Companies do not have to pay
there are already some companies with
but also many more schools
and the trick here is that all communication via the smartphone
runs to Zeus a little hedgehog professional and for everyone
easiest
that makes school for the schools
where they off something
the guides Frankfurt that makes school
who comes and when they come
as simple as that
yes that makes school is an intelligent platform
used the CS of companies
collects the offer binds school provides
for easy communication as well as worried and that is a great incentive
there
for us the commitment from the schools of the teachers and the students the
Huge over the
PCs and the possibilities gained with it
help them do the school
and thus to the pupils and teachers all over Germany their poetry books